[control-plane-manager] merge the monitoring-kubernetes-control-plane module into the control-plane-manager (#20734)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/architecture/kubernetes-and-scheduling/CONTROL_PLANE_MANAGEMENT.md

## Cluster control plane monitoring

> Control plane monitoring is provided by this module, which ensures secure metrics collection and provides a basic set of monitoring rules for the following cluster components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module provides control plane monitoring, ensuring secure metrics collection and providing a basic set of monitoring rules for the following cluster components:
```

**Prometheus-main** interacts with **control-plane-proxy** to collect control plane component metrics.

The interaction between the control-plane-proxy component and the cluster control plane is shown in the module's architecture diagram above.

### Metrics collection from kube-apiserver

> Metrics from **kube-apiserver** are collected directly by **prometheus-main**. This module adds the corresponding metric collection rules to the **prometheus-main** configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics from **kube-apiserver** are collected directly by **prometheus-main**. The `control-plane-manager` module adds the corresponding metric collection rules to the **prometheus-main** configuration.
```
